README.md, before:

# RNative-Learning

Learning projects using React Native with Expo CLI

## Projects

### Expo SDK > 50

- **lambo-fetch**: RN simple App to consume the Lamborghini Api.
- **bat-pass-gen**: RN simple App to generate passwords based on [this project](https://github.com/felipeAguiarCode/react-native-bat-pass-generator).
- **bat-signal**: Very simple App using some events and a form.
- **react-nav**: Application focused on exploring different techniques for routing. Created using blank TypeScript to add every routing from scratch. Using React Navigation for navigation.
- **navigator:** React Native application mainly focused on Routing using **react navigation** with Stack, Tab, and Drawer Navigation.
- **navigator-expo**: App focused on Routing, but unlike the **navigator** app above, this one uses Expo routing.
- **comp-overview**: React Native Basics overview including: Components, Flexbox, Events, and React most used Hooks like useEffect, useState, and useReducer.
- **appfolio**: Course project to create a React Native Application with some simple screens.
- **hookinator**: Course project focused on React Hooks and it's application in mobile Apps, simple Screen using useState, useEffect, useRef, and useReducer.
- **contexnator**: Course project focused on React Context API and it's application in mobile Apps.

#### Test apps - Expo SDK > 50

The test-apps folder contains some simple Apps used to test some concepts, and libraries

- **users-app**: Application that uses the [Random User Generator API](https://randomuser.me) to display some users

### Expo SDK <= 49

- **alurahub-new:** Expo: Simple usage o React Native using JSON fake DB.
- **base-app:** Expo: Simple usage o React Native mostly based on UI.
- **saving-local:** Expo: React Native very simple App using Local Storage (Async Storage).
- **testing**: Expo: Simple application using js and testing.
- **native-lite:** Expo: React Native simple App using SQLite to handle local data.

### React Native CLI

- **orgs-hooks:** RN Cli: React Native App focused on Hooks.

Commit message:

Started rncam, and updated Readme

README.md, after:

# RNative-Learning

Learning projects using React Native with Expo CLI

## Projects

### Expo SDK > 50

- **rncam**: React Native App focused on exploring the mobile Camera usage.
- **lambo-fetch**: RN simple App to consume the Fake Lamborghini Api. Focused on creating an application using axios and using a clean architecture with MVVM.
- **bat-pass-gen**: RN simple App to generate passwords based on [this project](https://github.com/felipeAguiarCode/react-native-bat-pass-generator).
- **bat-signal**: Very simple App using some events and a form.
- **react-nav**: Application focused on exploring different techniques for routing. Created using blank TypeScript to add every routing from scratch. Using React Navigation for navigation.
- **navigator:** React Native application mainly focused on Routing using **react navigation** with Stack, Tab, and Drawer Navigation.
- **navigator-expo**: App focused on Routing, but unlike the **navigator** app above, this one uses Expo routing.
- **comp-overview**: React Native Basics overview including: Components, Flexbox, Events, and React most used Hooks like useEffect, useState, and useReducer.
- **appfolio**: Course project to create a React Native Application with some simple screens.
- **hookinator**: Course project focused on React Hooks and it's application in mobile Apps, simple Screen using useState, useEffect, useRef, and useReducer.
- **contexnator**: Course project focused on React Context API and it's application in mobile Apps.

#### Test apps - Expo SDK > 50

The test-apps folder contains some simple Apps used to test some concepts, and libraries

- **users-app**: Application that uses the [Random User Generator API](https://randomuser.me) to display some users

### Expo SDK <= 49

- **alurahub-new:** Expo: Simple usage o React Native using JSON fake DB.
- **base-app:** Expo: Simple usage o React Native mostly based on UI.
- **saving-local:** Expo: React Native very simple App using Local Storage (Async Storage).
- **testing**: Expo: Simple application using js and testing.
- **native-lite:** Expo: React Native simple App using SQLite to handle local data.

### React Native CLI

- **orgs-hooks:** RN Cli: React Native App focused on Hooks.
